README.md, before:

# idCard-corporate

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

The idCard-corporate application uses C# for generating corporate ID cards. This application uses unique badge templates to produce professional-looking ID cards with the following information: company name, employee name, photo and employee's ID number.

## ID Card Preview

<p align="center">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/9876543_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Green" width="25%">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/654321_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Purple" width="25%">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/9876544_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Red" width="25%%">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/9876545_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Blue" width="25%">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/5123456_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Yellow" width="25%">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/98765466_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Gray" width="25%">
</p>


## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Installation

This application requires the installation of .NET framework.

## Usage

Once the application starts:

```
dotnet run
```

A. the user will be prompt to select an idCard template color:

      1 - Green

      2 - Purple

B. the user will be prompt to select an option:

      1 - Manual input employee's data

      2 - Generate 10 random idCards using the API data.

- Option 1: Manual Input

  User will input employee's first and last name, employee's ID and employee's photo URL

  ![Preview](assets/screenshots/Capture2.PNG)

- Option 2: API data

  10 random employee id cards will be generated by using an external API, to fetch random people's data.

  ![Preview](assets/screenshots/Capture3.PNG)

## Features

The ID cards will be saved according to their unique employee ID.

## License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This application is covered by MIT license, available at:
https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Contributing
Please feel free to send a pull request, the following is my GitHub account: https://github.com/Renatatims

## Tests

```
dotnet run
```

## Questions

If you have any questions please contact me at:

- GitHub account:https://github.com/Renatatims
- e-mail account: renatatims@gmail.com

## Credits
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/install-use-packages-dotnet-cli
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/skiasharp.skimage?view=skiasharp-2.88

Commit message:

Default profile picture added - if user does not input a profile img URL + card templates file organization + README with this new feature

README.md, after:

# idCard-corporate

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

The idCard-corporate application uses C# for generating corporate ID cards. This application uses unique badge templates to produce professional-looking ID cards with the following information: company name, employee name, photo and employee's ID number.

## ID Card Preview

<p align="center">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/9876543_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Green" width="25%">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/654321_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Purple" width="25%">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/9876544_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Red" width="25%%">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/9876545_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Blue" width="25%">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/5123456_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Yellow" width="25%">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/98765466_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Gray" width="25%">
</p>


## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Installation

This application requires the installation of .NET framework.

## Usage

Once the application starts:

```
dotnet run
```

A. the user will be prompt to select an idCard template color:

      1 - Green
      2 - Purple
      3 - Red
      4 - Blue
      5 - Yellow
      6 - Gray

B. the user will be prompt to select an option:

      1 - Manual input employee's data

      2 - Generate 10 random idCards using the API data.

- Option 1: Manual Input

  User will input employee's first and last name, employee's ID and employee's photo URL

  ![Preview](assets/screenshots/Capture2.PNG)

- Option 2: API data

  10 random employee id cards will be generated by using an external API, to fetch random people's data.

  ![Preview](assets/screenshots/Capture3.PNG)

## Features

1. User can decide the color and style of the idCard. 
2. Manually input the data or generate the idCards through external API.
2. The ID cards will be saved according to their unique employee ID.
4. If no photo URL is provided, a default picture will be used:

<p align="center">
<img src="assets/idCardsPreview/8888_badge.png" alt="idCardPreview Gray" width="25%">
</p>

## License

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This application is covered by MIT license, available at:
https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Contributing
Please feel free to send a pull request, the following is my GitHub account: https://github.com/Renatatims

## Tests

```
dotnet run
```

## Questions

If you have any questions please contact me at:

- GitHub account:https://github.com/Renatatims
- e-mail account: renatatims@gmail.com

## Credits
- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/install-use-packages-dotnet-cli
- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/skiasharp.skimage?view=skiasharp-2.88
